Ohh. What a week.
We traveled to another planet,
saved Skylar's life,
and almost died
like five times.
(sighs) It's nice to be back,
safe and sound.
I'm bored.
Don't distract me.
I'm using a cheat code to get the
high score on this video game.
(device chiming)
Huh. I did it!
The high score...
I achieved my life's goal!
I'm bored.
Kaz, you can't use a cheat code
to get the high score.
That's cheating.
Yeah. That's what
cheat codes are for... to cheat.
Otherwise they'd have
a different name,
like "honesty codes"
or...Larry Finkle.
You need to be careful,
Kaz.
Everything you do in life determines
what kind of a person you become.
Today it's cheating
on a video game,
tomorrow you cheat
on a test,
next thing you know,
you're a homicidal maniac.
Wow. That story took
a really dark turn.
Look at me.
I do good deeds all the time,
so who knows? I may grow up
to be president one day.
I do have the perfect face
for being on money.
Which looks better...
wig or no wig?
Um... what the heck?
-Who are you?
-I'm you. Kaz.
From the future.
'Sup.
I'm here on
an important mission.
Wh-Who are you really?
I mean, sure,
you kind of look like Kaz,
and you do look like
you're from the future,
and you did just appear
out of nowhere...
Okay, I buy it.
No, no. I don't.
How do I know
you're really me?
I can do a terrible
impression of a robot.
(mechanically) I am a robot.
Beep boop boop bramp bromp.
You are me!
This is so cool!
And I am so glad
I'm not bald.
That was a real concern.
This is so weird.
I have so many questions.
What's the future like?
Pretty much exactly
the same as now.
Except we're ruled
by giant insects.
You know what, though?
They're actually doing a pretty good job.
Anyway, I was sent here
to stop someone
from turning into a villain in the future
and destroying the world.
Cool!
So who's the villain?
You are.
Uh, what?
Th-That's impossible.
I-I have fancy
return address labels.
What kind of villain has
fancy return address labels?
-Slaughter Master?
Fine. Other than Slaughter Master.
♪ Okay, yo! ♪
♪ Every day's an adventure ♪
♪ You never know
by the looks on our face ♪
♪ At the school
when we enter ♪
♪ Leave class early,
work at 3:30 ♪
♪ Hit the comic store,
read up before the journey ♪
♪ All these new issues
and super powers ♪
♪ If we didn't have to work,
we'd be here for hours ♪
♪ Everybody say
that we shouldn't worry ♪
♪ But have you ever seen
superheroes on a gurney? ♪
♪ Will we save the world today?
You never know ♪
♪ Will we all be safe today?
♪ Will we fly away or stay?
You never know ♪
♪ But, you know, we Mighty Med,
team up and let's go! ♪
♪ Save the people that save
people after classes ♪
♪ We flip the page
and jump to action ♪
♪ They call us Normo,
normally fantastic ♪
♪ Seeing superheroes
that we only imagined ♪
♪ This type of life
you got to have fight ♪
♪ Put up your fists
and fight for what's right ♪
♪ Never can tell
what we see is out of sight ♪
♪ Do the same thing tomorrow
that we did tonight ♪
♪ Will we save the world today?
You never know ♪
♪ Will we all be safe today?
♪ Will we fly away or stay?
You never know ♪
♪ But you know we Mighty Med,
team up and let's go! ♪
See this news report?
This is Oliver
twenty-five years from now
using a human body
as a canoe.
(Kaz) Check out this headline:
"Approval rating at all-time high
for George W. Bug."
So I really do
become a villain.
Don't worry, Oliver.
I work for the League of Heroes,
and they sent me here to stop you
from doing the one thing
that triggers the events
that turns you evil.
Oh. Good.
S-So what's the one thing?
Huh.
Probably shoulda asked that
before I left.
He is me.
I so would have done that.
(both chuckle)
Doesn't your computer
have the information?
It doesn't give
all the details.
It only confirms
if I've changed the future.
Oh, and it also levitates!
Watch.
It doesn't always work.
So how will you know
what to stop me from doing?
I'll just use
my common sense.
We're doomed.
Wait. Since this thing I do
that's supposed to turn me evil
happens today,
I can just sit here
and do nothing,
and it'll never happen.
-(ding)
-It just happened.
-What?
-Sitting on the gurney was the thing.
You become a villain now.
What?! No, that can't be. How could
that possibly make him a villain?
Well, sitting on the gurney was only the
first link in a chain of events
that leads to a life
of crime and destruction.
Well, what's the next link?
That. Asking that question.
Pffft.
Followed by scoffing like that.
So that's it?
M-My fate is sealed?
I grow up to become a villain?
Of course not!
You won't grow up at all.
See, if I wasn't able to stop you
from becoming a villain,
Plan B of my mission
is to terminate you.
(Kaz) Wow.
I can't believe this.
How did I get such a cool job
in the future?
Uh...uh, hey, look!
Something shiny!
-Ooh! Where?
Okay, I don't see
anything shiny...
-I do see a cockroach.
-(gasps)
What are you doing?!
He could be president one day.
It's so nice to
not be evil anymore.
It's really freed up time
in my schedule to do my scrapbooking.
I guess you don't have time
in your schedule to come up with
more interesting stories.
Hey, Mesmera!
How are you?
Surge. Up top!
Ohh!
Philip, why is everyone mad at me?
Well, you did try to annihilate
half the staff here...
and succeeded in
annihilating the other half.
Now our softball team
has no left side of the infield!
Skylar, why are you so upset?
This is great news!
You're the most hated person
in all of Mighty Med now.
Why is that great news?
Because it used to be me.
Oliver, why would we come
to The Domain?
It's such an obvious place
for Future Me to look for us.
No, it's so obvious that Future You
would think that we would think
it was way too obvious,
and that we'd never be
stupid enough to come here.
I knew you'd come here.
It was so obvious!
You have three options
of what can happen next.
You can be sucked
into a black hole,
you can be hurled into a black hole,
or I can release you.
Release me!
Okay, I'll release you.
Into a black hole.
You paused on purpose!
Kaz, please!
Talk to yourself!
Convince Future You
not to terminate me!
Okay, I'll do my best,
but as you know, my best
is, like, D-plus, C-minus.
(no audible dialogue)
So he's not gonna
send me into a black hole?
Ya know, actually
I forgot to ask about that.
Then what was that
whole conversation about?
Ah, well, he was upset that I
pointed my finger angrily like this.
Said people in the future
do it like this.
And I agreed.
I like his way better.
Future Kaz, please!
Y-You don't want to do this!
It's me! Oliver! Your best friend!
Your partner in crime!
Actually, we haven't been best friends
since you became evil.
And your partner in crime
is the villain Skullface.
You're hilariously
mismatched.
You like things to be neat,
and he...
has a skull for a face.
Hey, Gamma Girl.
Uhh!
Wow! She only shoved me!
She used to scramble
my insides with gamma rays.
I'm so popular now!
Skylar, what are you doing?
I paid the Human Blade to make
free smoothies for everyone.
That way, I won't be the most
hated person in Mighty Med anymore!
What?! No!!!
Uh, you can't!
I mean, I wouldn't give everyone
free smoothies if I were you.
Yeah, because you're stingy
and hate happiness.
True...
but the bigger issue is...
people hate smoothies.
They're too smooth
and too delicious,
and people hate things
that are too much of anything.
You're crazy.
I'm too crazy,
and that's why people hate me.
Or...used to.
All right, everyone,
the Human Blade will make you
all fresh smoothies! My treat!
(approving chatter)
-(whoosh)
-Uhh!
(grunting, screaming)
Skylar,
look what you did!
Why did you push Surge like that?
Someone could have lost
a body part...
that doesn't grow back.
No, no, no!
I didn't push Surge.
I saw you. And you cut off
Solar Flare's ponytail!
Now she looks like
a pony with no tail!
That's standing on two legs!
And wearing
a Solar Flare costume!
(angry chatter)
Please! Don't do this!
I'll give you anything you want!
You want money?
Wig or no wig.
You do look good
in a wig.
But this is useless to me.
We don't have money
in the future.
It's a purely
pollen-based economy.
-Hey! That was my...
-second-favorite shirt!
-third-favorite shirt!
Third-favorite shirt?
Yeah, we get a really cool shirt
in eleventh grade.
Cool! Something
to look forward to.
-(beeping)
-Ah.
Looks like spraying that shirt
has altered the future.
Oliver doesn't grow up
to be a villain anymore!
Ha! That's great!
But now I'm a villain!
Now if you'll excuse me,
I have some unfinished business
to attend to.
Starting with...
buying this action figure!
Now to wreak havoc
on the city!
-(door slams)
-I'm a villain?
This is terrible!
I know.
On the bright side,
you're gonna be rich.
I bet in the future
that action figure
is worth ten times
as much pollen.
This is bad.
I don't want to grow up
to be a villain!
I want to grow up to be
one of those wacky guys
who stands outside
car dealerships doing this!
Those are just dancing
balloon men.
They are?
Man, this is the worst day ever.
Um, Kaz. Your chin.
You know what
this means?
Yes. I have stubble.
I have stubble.
This is the best day ever!
But my shirt's still wet.
This is the worst day ever!
Future You said
he had a score to settle.
So where did he go?
Kaz. Quick, think of
everything you hate.
Do I have to?
You know I hate thinking.
Right. And what place
makes you think?
School!
What are you doing?
This place brought me
so much misery
that I'm gonna tear down every Spirit Week
and pep rally poster in here!
-That's it?
-And then send the entire school
into a black hole and erase it
from the face of the Earth!
Wow, we really do pause a lot.
You can't destroy the school.
There's a basketball game in the gym.
There're students here.
I don't care. That's the Number Two trait
of being a villain:
Not caring.
I don't care
what Number One is.
(yawns)
You can't beat me.
I'm you! I know every move
you've got.
Yeah? Well, I know
your every weakness.
(both grunting)
-Ow! Watch the hair!
Hey, Lizard Man.
Hey, Surge.
Wow! He only flicked
my forehead.
He used to zap me with electricity
until my gums bled.
Life is good.
(growling)
Skylar. What is that?
I'm going to give presents to all the
superheroes and staff at Mighty Med.
What?!
You can't do that!
I mean, because it's impossible
to buy friends.
Trust me. I've tried.
Oh ho.
These aren't nice presents.
I got people the most hurtful
gifts I could think of.
For Horace...
a video of bridges
being demolished.
For Philip, a huge hat
that'll make him think
his head is even tinier.
But then people will hate you
more than they already do.
I don't care.
I had so much bad stuff
happen to me this year...
losing my powers,
becoming evil,
almost kissing Oliver...
The only good thing in my life
was all my friends
here at Mighty Med.
And now I don't even have that.
So if everyone's going
to hate me for no reason,
I might as well give them
a real reason to hate me.
She's miserable,
and it's all my fault.
So this is what
guilt feels like.
I don't like it!
(both grunting)
Oooh!
Oh ho!
Aha!
-Oh, nice.
-I know, right?
Yes!
Yaaaah!
Kaz!
This thing's fully charged.
Stay back or I'll use it!
I have seen the future...
and we're a villain.
Just accept it!
Well, maybe I can't change you,
but I can stop you from hurting anyone.
-What are you doing?
-I'm gonna send myself into a black hole.
That way I won't exist anymore
in the present,
and I won't become a villain
in the future.
Kaz, don't!
Oliver, he's threatening to destroy
the entire school.
Do you know what's in that gym?
Cheerleaders!
Really hot cheerleaders!
I can't let that happen.
-(whirring, beeping)
-Wait!
There's news from the future.
Ah. President George W. Bug
got reelected.
Oh! And Kaz is no longer a villain.
-I'm not?
-That is awesome!
Wait. I don't understand.
What changed?
Remember this morning
I told you everything you do
determines what kind
of person you become?
Well, you're not a villain anymore
because you were willing
to sacrifice yourself to save others.
Well, mostly cheerleaders.
Okay, my work is done here.
I guess.
I was never totally sure
what I was supposed to do.
I'm so glad I got to meet you.
Can't wait to grow up to be you.
Thanks.
Can you do me one favor?
Start flossing your teeth. You can't
imagine how much dental work we need.
I can't make any promises.
Well, there's my ride.
Wait. Before you go,
I have one question.
Now that I'm not a villain in the future,
-what am I?
-I don't know...
but it turns out your face is
actually on a five dollar bill.
-Cool!
-Which we use to wipe our butts.
Again with the pauses!
Wow! What a day.
That was insane!
I know. Just when I thought
our lives couldn't get any crazier.
-I'm bored.
Attention, everyone!
I've called you all together
for this meeting because...
Because I'm a maniac
and I must be stopped!
-Aah...
-(glass breaking)
Alan, what is wrong with you?
I told you. I'm a maniac
and I must be stopped!
No! I got everyone together
to give them those presents!
Hey, don't try to stop me!
But you just said,
"I'm a maniac and
I must be stopped!"
Well, I misspoke!
(whoosh)
Aaah!
Argghh!
What is wrong with you?!
You didn't just
destroy our presents...
you ruined all this
lovely wrapping paper!
And these bows!
You, sir, are a monster!
Alan, I know what you did.
The elevator smelled that way
when I got on. I swear!
I know you didn't want
everyone to keep hating me
so you took the bullet yourself.
And the darts.
And whatever
that guy is throwing.
I know you like to act
all mean and tough,
but deep down, you're
kind of a sweetheart.
(scoffs)
I'm not a sweetheart.
I said "kind of" a sweetheart!
I don't know what
you're talking about.
I did this because...
people should do what they're good at,
and I'm good at being hated.
Well, just know that even if now you're
the most hated person here,
not everybody hates you.
Uhh! Uhh! Oohh!
Aaah! Uhh!
Huh. I did kind of miss that.
(theme music playing)
(boing)